The bedding has been changed.
You and Comrade Zhou sleep here
Yaoyao, you don't have to worry
Your dad and I will take care of it
Hey don't leave me
I haven't had sex with Zhou Yuesheng yet
Don't worry.
I won't touch you until you agree.
I finally found a handsome and mature one
Since you don't touch me
Then I can't see and eat
Why does he look so disappointed?
How did you get this scar?
I used to be a soldier.
Left behind when on a mission
Sent, sent
He even pulled a soldier brother
Do you have anyone in your heart that you care about?
Like white moonlight
White moonlight what white moonlight
First love
Do you have anyone you like?
Men in their thirties are rich, good-looking and have a figure.
But not good for women
Either you like men or
Zhou Yuesheng is not impossible, right?
It's getting late, rest early
The old man really can't
A beautiful man and a strong man really can't have both
Don't feel inferior, you can eat it.
No way.